Describe what is it an SKU in Magento (#1488)
magento/merchdocs: src/customers/account-dashboard-order-by-sku.md

title: Order by SKU
---

> SKU stands for Stock Keeping Unit. SKUs help online sellers identify the most important product characteristics such as: size, color, price, material etc. Don't confuse product IDs with SKUs:

Reviewer: Not all SKUs have a logical convention - this can go back to legacy days.
```suggestion
SKU stands for Stock Keeping Unit. SKUs generally help online sellers identify the most important product characteristics such as: size, color, price, material etc. Don't confuse product IDs with SKUs:
```

>     - The `Product ID` is a set of numbers that are used internally to identify products and are not available to customers.

Reviewer: It's worth mentioning that a Product ID in Magento is fixed, can never be changed and is set by the system. 
```suggestion
    - The `Product ID` is sequential series of numbers that are used internally to identify products and are not available to customers.
```

>     - The `SKU` is generated by the seller based on the product name and attributes for marketing or internal tracking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The `SKU` is generated by the seller, normally based on the product name and attributes for marketing or internal tracking. e.g. A blue, cotton T-shirt, size medium: T-COT-MED-BL. The SKU may be changed by the seller if required.
```

> Basically, an article number includes a set of abbreviations indicating the distinguishing characteristics of the product. The maximum SKU length in Magento 2 is 64 characters. SKUs are very important to effectively track and manage inventory, so setting them up correctly is critical for e-commerce.

Reviewer: You haven't mentioned article number anywhere else and it may confuse things.
```suggestion
Normally, an SKU includes a set of abbreviations indicating the distinguishing characteristics of the product. The maximum SKU length in Magento 2 is 64 characters. SKUs are very important to effectively track and manage inventory, so setting them up correctly is critical for e-commerce.
```

Author: Thanks for your help🙏 
Done, please check)
